# CONFIGURATION AND EXPLANATION OF POCKETFLIP WEBSITE #

This website is made with Jekyll and necessary ruby gems.

To make changes to this repository add this repo to your local computer. After you pulled all the data, open up your terminal and navigate to the directory with the pulled repo. In the terminal run `jekyll serve` command.
This will generate the site, and you can see it on `localhost:4000` in your browser.

[Current live version is here](http://c-pocket-flip.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com/)


---


To make any changes, you need to understand the structure of the website first. Here is the breakdown:


## **_assets** folder

All the assets for the pocketflip website are stored here. Javascript, CSS, Images **note:** the asset pipeline doesn't work right now, so the images are stored in the root directory.

## **_data** folder

All the structural data, like navigations, their links and name of the tabs are stored here for easy manipulation. Think of it as small database you can take the data from.

## **_includes** folder

This folder contains all the partials which are then called in the pages or templates.

`Shared` - the partials which are shared across multiple pages. Like navigation, footer....

`Modules` - the partials which are specific to a certain template like articles.

`Landing` - the partials which are specific for the landing page.

`Analytics` - partials for the different analytics. **note** not fully implemented yet


## **_layouts** folder

All the different layouts for different pages. For example, default.html is the default layout that pages and posts inherit from. But the landing.html has a new layout specific for the landing page.


## **_pages** folder

Currently empty, but if you want to create pages like contact us, this is the place you do it.


## **_plugins** folder

If you want to use "guard" to refresh the page in the browser when saving a change, this is where it all happens. In general, you won't touch this folder.

## **_posts** folder

Currently, there is nothing in here. If you want to have a blog with articles with time stamps on them, this is where it'll happen ;)

## **_site** folder -- **IMPORTANT !!!**

**DO NOT TOUCH THIS FOLDER**
This folder is generated by `Jeykll` itself when you run `jekyll serve` in the terminal.


---


## Explanation of structure

**Navigation**
This can be changed in the _data folder in the navigations.yml
- Main navigation
- Footer navigation 

**Landing Page**
The layout for the landing page is found in the _layouts as landing.html. It consist of these partials:

`landing__header.html` - the main header area with three featured columns

`landing__how-it-works.html` - the how it work section with three featured columns

`landing__business.html` - the business section with lead section and the three featured columns

`landing__connect.html` - the connect section with the lead section.

---



**Here is a list of the variables and what they do in the landing page code:**

`app-store-url:` - the URL for buttons for the app store

`contact-url:` - the URL for the contact in the business and the connect sections

`header:` - the landing header with the headline and images

  - `title:` - title of the header

  - `features:` - this is a list of the three columns 

    - `img:` - the relative path to the image for the column

    - `title:` - the headline for the column

    - `content:` - the content for the column

`how-section:` - the section explaining how it works

  - `title:` - headline for this section

  - `features:` - this is a list of the three columns

    - `img:` - image for the specific column

    - `title:` - headline for this column

    - `content:` - for now, this is empty, but it's optional. Can be as content for column

`business-section:` - the business section

  - `title:` - title for the business section

  - `lead:` - Lead just below the title of the section

  - `features:` - this is a list of the three columns

    - `img:` - the ID of the SVG icon loaded in the symbols partial

    - `title:` - title of this column 

    - `content:` - content for this column 

`connect-section:` - the connect section

  - `title:` - title for the connect section

  - `lead:` - the lead content for the connect section

  - `content:` - the main content for the connect section


---


#Credits
The website and the docs has been done by **Sam Uherek**. If you have any questions, just ping me through any channel of your choice.